Modified README.md, added run instructions (#1)
lucabenvenuto/lorem-fierro: README.md

# Lorem-Fierro

This project is for a VS Code extension that creates Lorem Ipsum-like text, but using Martin Fierro's verses

## Run locally

> - Run the extension wiht `Ctrl + Shift + P` -> `Debug: Start Debugging` (shortcut: `F5`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Run the extension on the command pallette: `Ctrl + Shift + P` -> `Debug: Start Debugging` (shortcut: `F5`)
```

> - In the new VS Code instance that launches, use the `Lorem Fierro` command from the command pallette (`Ctrl + Shift + P`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In the new VS Code instance that launches, use the `Lorem Fierro` command from the command pallette
```
